move example of spring web to guide (#839)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-spring-boot/micronaut-spring-boot.adoc

To use Spring Framework Annotations, write Spring MVC controllers, and support Spring Boot features, add both features `spring-web` and `spring-boot` when you create the application with Micronaut CLI and/or https://launch.micronaut.io[Micronaut Launch]. These features include the following dependencies:

:dependencies:
dependency:micronaut-spring-annotation[groupId=io.micronaut.spring,scope=annotationProcessor]
dependency:micronaut-spring-web-annotation[groupId=io.micronaut.spring,scope=annotationProcessor]
dependency:micronaut-spring-boot-annotation[groupId=io.micronaut.spring,scope=annotationProcessor]
dependency:spring-boot-starter[groupId=org.springframework.boot]
dependency:spring-boot-starter-web[groupId=org.springframework.boot]
dependency:micronaut-spring-web[groupId=io.micronaut.spring,scope=runtimeOnly]
dependency:micronaut-spring-boot[groupId=io.micronaut.spring,scope=runtimeOnly]
:dependencies:

=== Application

Create an `Application` class:

source:Application[]

> <1> In a Spring Boot Application, the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.x/reference/html/using-boot-using-springbootapplication-annotation.html#using-boot-using-springbootapplication-annotation[@SpringBootApplication] enables Spring Boot’s auto-configuration mechanism, enables `@Component` scan on the package where the application is located, and allows to register extra beans in the context or import additional configuration classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> In a Spring Boot application, the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.x/reference/html/using-boot-using-springbootapplication-annotation.html#using-boot-using-springbootapplication-annotation[@SpringBootApplication] enables Spring Boot’s auto-configuration mechanism, enables `@Component` scan on the package where the application is located, and allows the application to register extra beans in the context or import additional configuration classes.
```

=== @ConfigurationProperties

source:GreetingConfiguration[]

callout:spring-ann-component[1]
callout:spring-ann-configuration-properties[2]

common:bean-prototype[]

=== Configuration

> Add some configuration which will populate this `GreetingConfiguration`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a configuration to populate the `GreetingConfiguration`:
```

resource:application.yml[tag=configuration]

=== POJO

> Create a POJO which uses https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-annotations[Jackson Annotations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a POJO that uses https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-annotations[Jackson Annotations].
```

source:Greeting[]

=== Service

Add a service that showcases configuration injection and validation.

source:GreetingService[]

callout:spring-ann-service[1]
callout:spring-at-validated[2]
callout:constructor-di[number=3,arg0=GreetingConfiguration]
callout:constraints[4]

==== Service Test

Create a test to verify validation works as expected.

test:GreetingServiceTest[]

callout:micronaut-test-start-application-false[1]

=== @RestController

> Micronaut Spring only supports `@RestController` semantics. A `@RestController` request handling method serializes return objects into an HTTP Response. Create a controller which uses several Spring annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Micronaut Spring only supports `@RestController` semantics. A `@RestController` request handling method serializes return objects into an HTTP response. Create a controller that uses the following Spring annotations.
```

source:GreetingController[]

callout:spring-ann-restcontroller[1]
callout:constructor-di[number=2,arg0=GreetingService]
callout:spring-ann-getmapping[3]
callout:spring-ann-requestparam[4]
callout:spring-ann-postmapping[5]
callout:spring-ann-requestbody[6]
callout:spring-ann-deletemapping[7]
callout:spring-response-entity[8]
callout:spring-ann-responsestatus[9]

=== Tests

==== Declarative HTTP Client

You can use Spring annotations with a declarative Micronaut HTTP Client.

test:GreetingClient[]

callout:client-value-slash[1]
callout:spring-ann-getmapping[2]
callout:spring-ann-postmapping[3]
callout:spring-ann-requestbody[4]
callout:spring-ann-deletemapping[5]
callout:spring-ann-requestparam[6]

and use it in a test:

test:GreetingControllerTest[]

=== @Scheduled

> You can use `@Scheduled` annotation to schedule a re-occurring task. Create a Job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `@Scheduled` annotation to schedule a recurring task. Create a Job:
```

source:GreetingJob[]

callout:spring-ann-component[1]
callout:constructor-di[number=1,arg0=GreetingService]
callout:spring-ann-scheduled[3]

> === Server side HTML Rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Server-side HTML Rendering
```

==== Thymeleaf view

common:micronaut-views-thymeleaf.adoc[]

Create a Thymeleaf view to render the UI for the controller:

resource:views/home.html[]

==== Controller

source:HomeController[]

callout:spring-ann-restcontroller[1]
callout:spring-ann-getmapping[2]
callout:spring-model[3]
<4> the View's name

==== Controller Test

> Add a test which shows, you can use `org.springframework.ui.Model` and render server-side HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a test that proves you can use `org.springframework.ui.Model` and render server-side HTML.
```

test:HomeControllerTest[]

callout:micronaut-test[1]
callout:http-client[2]

common:runapp.adoc[]

> You can execute the API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the API:
```
